Description:
This is an individual assignment
************************************************
Overview and Assignment Goals:
*************************************************
The objective of this assignment are the following:
Implement the Nearest Neighbor Classification Algorithm
Handle Text Data (Reviews of Movies)
Design and Engineer Features from Text Data.
Choose the Best Model i.e., Parameters of a Nearest Neighbor Selection, Features and Similarity Functions
Detailed Description:
A practical application in e-commerce applications is to infer sentiment (or polarity) from free form review text submitted for range of products
For the purposes of this assignment you have to implement a k-Nearest Neighbor Classifier to predict the sentiment for 15000 reviews for movies provided in the test file (test_file.txt).

Positive sentiment is represented by a review rating and given by 1 and Negative Sentiment is represented by a review rating of -1.

In test file you are only provided the reviews but no ground truth rating which will be used for comparing your predictions.

Training data consists of 14999 reviews and exists in file train_file.txt. Each row begins with the sentiment score followed with a text of the rating.

For Evaluation Purposes (Leaderboard Ranking) we will use the Accuracy Metric comparing the Predictions submitted by you on the test set with the ground truth. Some things to note:

The public leaderboard shows results for 50% of randomly chosen test instances only. This is a standard practice in data mining challenge to avoid gaming of the system and prevent over-fitting

The private leaderboard will be released after the deadline evaluates all the entries in the test set. In a 24-hour cycle you are allowed to submit a prediction file 10 times only.

format.txt shows an example file containing 15000 rows alternating with 1 and -1. Your final submission should be similar to format.dat with same number of rows i.e., 15000 but the sentiment score generated by your developed model.
Rules:
This is an individual assignment. Discussion of broad level strategies are allowed but any copying of prediction files and source codes will result in honor code violation.
Feel free to use the programming language of your choice for this assignment.
While you can use libraries and templates for dealing with text data you should implement your own nearest neighbor classifier.
Deliverables:
Valid Submissions to the Miner2.vsnet.gmu.edu website
Gradescope Submission of Source Code and Report:
Create a folder called HW1_LastName
Create a subfolder called src and put all the source code there.
Create a subfolder called Report and place a 2-Page, single-spaced report describing details regarding the steps you followed for developing the classifier for predicting the product review sentiments. Be sure to include the following in the report:
Team Name Registered on miner web-site.
Rank & Accuracy score for your submission (at the time of writing the report).
Your Approach
Your methodology of choosing the approach and associated parameters.
Archive your parent folder (.zip or .tar.gz) and submit via Gradescope for HW1.

Grading:
Grading for the Assignment will be split on your implementation (50%), report (20%) and ranking results (30%).
